---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "mezmo_absence_alert Resource - terraform-provider-mezmo"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Represents an Absence Alert in a Pipeline
---

# mezmo_absence_alert (Resource)

Represents an Absence Alert in a Pipeline

## Example Usage

```terraform
terraform {
  required_providers {
    mezmo = {
      source = "registry.terraform.io/mezmo/mezmo"
    }
  }
  required_version = ">= 1.1.0"
}

provider "mezmo" {
  auth_key = "my secret"
}

resource "mezmo_pipeline" "my_pipeline" {
  title = "pipeline"
}
resource "mezmo_prometheus_remote_write_source" "metrics_source" {
  pipeline_id = mezmo_pipeline.my_pipeline.id
  title       = "My Prometheus Remote Write source"
  description = "This receives data from prometheus"
}
resource "mezmo_absence_alert" "no_data_alert_log_analysis" {
  pipeline_id             = mezmo_pipeline.my_pipeline.id
  component_kind          = "source"
  component_id            = mezmo_prometheus_remote_write_source.metrics_source.id
  inputs                  = [mezmo_prometheus_remote_write_source.metrics_source.id]
  name                    = "metrics absence alert"
  event_type              = "metric"
  window_duration_minutes = 15
  alert_payload = {
    service = {
      name          = "log_analysis"
      subject       = "No data received!"
      severity      = "WARNING"
      body          = "There has been no metrics data received in the last 15 minutes!"
      ingestion_key = "abc123"
    }
  }
}
resource "mezmo_absence_alert" "no_data_alert_webhook" {
  pipeline_id             = mezmo_pipeline.my_pipeline.id
  component_kind          = "source"
  component_id            = mezmo_prometheus_remote_write_source.metrics_source.id
  inputs                  = [mezmo_prometheus_remote_write_source.metrics_source.id]
  name                    = "metrics absence alert"
  event_type              = "metric"
  window_duration_minutes = 15
  alert_payload = {
    service = {
      name         = "webhook"
      uri          = "http://example.com/my_webhook"
      message_text = "There was an absence alert!"
      auth = {
        strategy = "bearer"
        token    = "abc123"
      }
      headers = {
        "x-my-header" = "header_value"
      }
      method = "put"
    }
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `alert_payload` (Attributes) Configure where the alert will be sent, including choosing a service and throttling options. All options for the chosen `service` will be required. All text fields support templating. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--alert_payload))
- `component_id` (String) The uuid of the component that the alert is attached to
- `component_kind` (String) The kind of component that the alert is attached to
- `event_type` (String) The type of event is either a Log event or a Metric event.
- `inputs` (List of String) The ids of the input components. This could be the id of a match arm for a route processor, or simply the id of the component.
- `name` (String) The name of the alert.
- `pipeline_id` (String) The uuid of the pipeline

### Optional

- `active` (Boolean) Indicates if the alert is turned on or off
- `description` (String) An optional description describing what the alert is for.
- `event_timestamp` (String) The path to a field on the event that contains an epoch timestamp value. If an event does not have a timestamp field, events will be associated to the wall clock value when the event is processed. Required for Log event types and disallowed for Metric event types.
- `group_by` (List of String) When aggregating, group events based on matching values from each of these field paths. Supports nesting via dot-notation. This value is optional for Metric event types, and SHOULD be used for Log event types.
- `window_duration_minutes` (Number) The duration of the aggregation window in minutes.
- `window_type` (String) Sliding windows can overlap, whereas tumbling windows are disjoint. For example, a tumbling window has a fixed time span and any events that fall within the "window duration" will be used in the aggregate. In a sliding window, the aggregation occurs every "window duration" seconds after an event is encountered.

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The uuid of the alert

<a id="nestedatt--alert_payload"></a>
### Nested Schema for `alert_payload`

Required:

- `service` (Attributes) Configuration for the service receiving the alert. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--alert_payload--service))

Optional:

- `throttling` (Attributes) Configure throttling options for the service receiving the alert. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--alert_payload--throttling))

<a id="nestedatt--alert_payload--service"></a>
### Nested Schema for `alert_payload.service`

Required:

- `name` (String) The name of the service.

Optional:

- `auth` (Attributes) Configures HTTP authentication (Webhook). (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--alert_payload--service--auth))
- `body` (String) Additional information to be added to the message (Log Analysis).
- `event_action` (String) The event action to use (PagerDuty).
- `headers` (Map of String) Optional key/val request headers (Webhook).
- `ingestion_key` (String, Sensitive) The ingestion key for the service (Log Analysis).
- `message_text` (String) The text value of the notification message (Slack, Webhook).
- `method` (String) The HTTP method to use for the destination (Webhook, default is `post`).
- `routing_key` (String, Sensitive) The service's routing key (PagerDuty).
- `severity` (String) The severity level of the alert (PagerDuty, Log Analysis).
- `source` (String) The source of the alert (PagerDuty).
- `subject` (String) The main subject line of the message (Log Analysis).
- `summary` (String) Summarize the alert details (PagerDuty).
- `uri` (String) The URI of the service (Slack, PagerDuty, Webhook).

<a id="nestedatt--alert_payload--service--auth"></a>
### Nested Schema for `alert_payload.service.auth`

Required:

- `strategy` (String)

Optional:

- `password` (String, Sensitive)
- `token` (String, Sensitive)
- `user` (String)



<a id="nestedatt--alert_payload--throttling"></a>
### Nested Schema for `alert_payload.throttling`

Optional:

- `threshold` (Number) The maximum number of notifications allowed over the given time window set by `window_secs` (default: 1).
- `window_secs` (Number) The time frame during which the number of notifications (set by the `threshold`) is permitted (default: 60).
