---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "mezmo_event_to_metric_processor Resource - terraform-provider-mezmo"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Allows conversion between arbitrary events and a Metric
---

# mezmo_event_to_metric_processor (Resource)

Allows conversion between arbitrary events and a Metric



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `metric_kind` (String) The kind of metric to emit, Absolute or Incremental. Absolute metrics represent a complete value, and will generally replace an existing value for the metric in the target destination. Incremental metrics represent an additive value which is aggregated in the target destination to produce a new value.
- `metric_name` (String) The machine name of the metric to emit
- `metric_type` (String) The type of metric to emit. For example, counter, sum, gauge.
- `pipeline_id` (String) The uuid of the pipeline

### Optional

- `description` (String) A user-defined value describing the processor
- `inputs` (List of String) The ids of the input components
- `namespace_field` (String) The value of the namespace should come from this event field path.
- `namespace_value` (String) The namespace value should be this specified string.
- `tags` (Attributes List) A set of tags (also called labels) to apply to the metric event. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--tags))
- `title` (String) A user-defined title for the processor
- `value_field` (String) The value of the metric should come from this event field path.
- `value_number` (Number) Use this specified numeric value.

### Read-Only

- `generation_id` (Number) An internal field used for component versioning
- `id` (String) The uuid of the processor

<a id="nestedatt--tags"></a>
### Nested Schema for `tags`

Required:

- `name` (String) The tag name
- `value` (String) For value types, this is the value of the tag. If using a field type, the value comes from this field path. Note that fields with highly-variable values will result in high-cardinality metrics, which may impact storage or cost in downstream destinations.
- `value_type` (String) Specifies if the value comes from an event field, or a new value input.
