---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "mezmo_http_destination Resource - terraform-provider-mezmo"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Represents an HTTP destination.
---

# mezmo_http_destination (Resource)

Represents an HTTP destination.



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `pipeline_id` (String) The uuid of the pipeline
- `uri` (String) The full URI to make HTTP requests to. This should include the protocol and host, but can also include the port, path, and any other valid part of a URI.

### Optional

- `ack_enabled` (Boolean) Acknowledge data from the source when it reaches the destination
- `auth` (Attributes) Configures HTTP authentication (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--auth))
- `compression` (String) The compression strategy used on the encoded data prior to sending
- `description` (String) A user-defined value describing the destination
- `encoding` (String) The encoding to apply to the data
- `headers` (Map of String) A key/value object describing a header name and its value
- `inputs` (List of String) The ids of the input components
- `title` (String) A user-defined title for the destination
- `max_bytes` (Number) The maximum number of uncompressed bytes when batching data to the destination
- `timeout_secs` (Number) The number of seconds before a destination write timeout.
- `method` (String) The HTTP method to use for the destination.  Valid values are: `post`, `put`, `patch`, `delete`, `get`, `head`, `options`, `trace`)
- `payload_prefix` (String) Add a prefix to the payload. Only used for serialized JSON chunks. This option also requires 'Payload Suffix' to form a valid JSON string.
- `payload_suffix` (String) Used in combination with 'Payload Prefix' to form valid JSON from the payload.
- `tls_protocols` (List of String) A list of ALPN protocols to use during TLS negotiation. They are attempted in the order they appear.
- `proxy` (Attributes) Proxy Settings (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--proxy))
- `rate_limiting` (Attributes) Settings for controlling rate limiting to the destination. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--rate_limiting))


### Read-Only

- `generation_id` (Number) An internal field used for component versioning
- `id` (String) The uuid of the destination

<a id="nestedatt--auth"></a>
### Nested Schema for `auth`

Required:

- `strategy` (String)

Optional:

- `password` (String, Sensitive)
- `token` (String, Sensitive)
- `user` (String) HTTP or HTTPS Endpoint to use for traffic.
- `hosts_bypass_proxy` (List of String) A list of hosts to bypass proxying. Can be specified as a domain name, IP address, or CIDR block. Wildcards are supported as a dot (.) in domain names, or as a star (*) to match all hosts.

<a id=`nestedatt--auth`></a>
### Nested Schema for `proxy`

Optional:

- `enabled` (Boolean) Turns Proxying on/off.
- `endpoint` (String) 
- `user` (String)

<a id="nestedatt--rate_limiting"></a>
### Nested Schema for `rate_limiting`

Optional:

- `request_limit` (Number) The max number of requests allowed within the specified.
- `duration_secs` (Number) The window of time used to apply 'Request Limit.