---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "mezmo_kafka_destination Resource - terraform-provider-mezmo"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Represents a Kafka destination.
---

# mezmo_kafka_destination (Resource)

Represents a Kafka destination.



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `brokers` (Attributes List) The Kafka brokers to connect to. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--brokers))
- `pipeline_id` (String) The uuid of the pipeline
- `topic` (String) The name of the topic to publish to.

### Optional

- `ack_enabled` (Boolean) Acknowledge data from the source when it reaches the destination
- `compression` (String) The compression strategy used on the encoded data prior to sending.
- `description` (String) A user-defined value describing the destination
- `encoding` (String) The encoding to apply to the data.
- `event_key_field` (String) The field in the log whose value is used as Kafka's event key.
- `inputs` (List of String) The ids of the input components
- `sasl` (Attributes) The SASL configuration to use when connecting to Kafka. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--sasl))
- `title` (String) A user-defined title for the destination
- `tls_enabled` (Boolean) Whether to use TLS when connecting to Kafka.

### Read-Only

- `generation_id` (Number) An internal field used for component versioning
- `id` (String) The uuid of the destination

<a id="nestedatt--brokers"></a>
### Nested Schema for `brokers`

Required:

- `host` (String) The host of the Kafka broker.
- `port` (Number) The port of the Kafka broker.


<a id="nestedatt--sasl"></a>
### Nested Schema for `sasl`

Required:

- `password` (String, Sensitive) The SASL password to use when connecting to Kafka.
- `username` (String) The SASL username to use when connecting to Kafka.

Optional:

- `mechanism` (String) The SASL mechanism to use when connecting to Kafka.


